We will be getting many parts of our data from many different sources, first we will grab the url that the user is currently on and request the data for that webpages comment section. We will then see that request and grab the comment section from our database and display them to the user. When the user is ready, we will have the user log in to the extention. After the user enters their information into the extention we will verify if the user is actually the user as with all logins. There should be a few options for the user at this point the user can choose to either make a comment or reply to another comment, in the moderator's case they will also be able to report comments. If the user comments or reply's when the commenter posts their message to the database for the website url. If a moderator reports a comment the comment will move from the comments database to a removed comments database that only the moderators are able to see. The administrators as well as being able to do everything users and moderators can do is approve and select both global and regular moderators, they can also request and see who has approved the moderators and when for both global and local moderators. Global moderators are also able to request and see local moderators approval and time. Users can also be banned by moderators, regular moderators cana only ban users to the domain of the site they moderate while global and administrators can issue domain and full bans from all sites. When a user is banned their name is put into the domain bans database as well as where they were banned from who banned them and when.